[KIKI] Today,
our preparations for tokudo
will begin in earnest.
Is everybody ready?
[ALL]
Yes!
[KIKI] Ready to teach
that rotten priest a lesson?
-[BOTH] Yes!
-Huh?
Now, what color are they?
Your undies, that is.
Are they white
or something else?
Um, Kiki? Can you please
take this seriously?
Trust me, I am.
The point of this training
is to become
a metaphorical blank white slate
in mind and body.
[gasps]
[KIKI]
The rules are stringent.
Even for undergarments,
they must always be unadorned
and plain white.
Well, I've only got boxers
and they're not white.
I'm washing my whites.
All of my underwear
is red and black!
[BOTH]
Red and black? All of it?
Yeah. Why?
Is there something
unusual about that?
So, none of you have any.
No other choice, then.
Today, you three
will undergo your training
in the state
known as "commando."
[all gasp]
[MIA grunts]
[MIA]
I feel so uneasy right now.
What an outrageous situation!
Doesn't all this bother you,
too, Yuzuki?
[YUZUKI] I... I mean...
Sure, it's embarrassing,
but I can get through it
for the sake of my training.
[BOTH whimpering]
Kiki, I...
Thank you so much.
Truly hate you.
[KIKI]
Wow, that's an impressive trick.
We'll begin with zazen.
Straighten your posture
and try to relax your mind.
Whatever thoughts
may enter your head,
you mustn't let yourself
become distracted.
Should you fail,
I'll whack you with a kyosaku.
♪
[AKAGAMI]
Wonderful.
This is exactly the kind
of training I was hoping for.
Mouth loosely closed,
eyes half-open.
Breathe in slowly
through the nose.
[inhales and exhales]
This is zazen...
Freed
from all worldly thoughts.
At peace.
Sensing the air
as it flows around me.
So this is what it's like,
to have a calm mind.
[grunts]
[gasps]
-[grunts]
-[gasps]
[AKAGAMI groaning]
[MIA, YUZUKI whimpering]
[MIA whimpering]
[groaning]
Huh?
What are you thinking, Akagami?
This is no time for a nap!
Get up at once!
[KIKI]
Next, we'll copy sutras.
Take great care in the writing
of each character.
[AKAGAMI] I made
a foolish blunder earlier,
but this shouldn't be a problem.
Oh! You're good at this,
Akagami.
[AKAGAMI]
I used to work part-time
at a calligraphy school.
[KIKI]
For a head priest,
good handwriting
is quite important.
Perhaps you might be willing
to give Yuzuki some pointers,
yes?
-[KIKI] Ah! I'll be right back.
-Huh?
[grunting]
[AKAGAMI]
Yuzuki?
The way you're holding
the brush is...
[groaning]
Worldly!
[YUZUKI]
Worldly?
No! I'm sorry!
What I mean is,
your thumb should be--
-[thuds]
-[AKAGAMI groans]
What a mess!
Here's a tissue for--
No.
Let me clean that up for you.
[AKAGAMI]
Mia?
[chuckles]
This is fine, right?
It's totally fine.
Stop it, Mia! Go no further!
[BOTH groan]
[AKAGAMI]
What the heck?
Ow! What gives?
Why hit only me?
Augh!
[MIA] So, all we did today
was make things harder for you.
[AKAGAMI]
We apologize profusely.
Everything's fine.
Don't give it another thought.
That being said,
maybe you two should work
at your own pace,
so that you don't have to worry
about me.
- [AKAGAMI] No! We can do this!
-[gasps]
♪
[BOTH] We even bought some
brand new white underwear!
And bras, too.
[MIA, AKAGAMI laugh]
-[AKAGAMI] We're good to go!
-Oh, great.
[MIA]
Well played, Akagami!
[YUZUKI] They really are
kind of similar, aren't they?
Now, let's make sure we rest up
so we can get a fresh start
tomorrow.
[BOTH]
Sounds like a plan!
[sliding door opens]
[AKAGAMI]
We're back, everyone!
[KIKI]
Starting tonight,
the three of you
will sleep here.
As a part of your training,
you'll each be required
to sleep on a single tatami mat.
Might as well start
preparing for those conditions.
I can't sleep like this!
All we get are futons
on the floor?
But men and women
are usually separated.
Right, Kiki?
-Kiki? Aw, come on!
-[AKAGAMI grunts] I know!
We just have to sleep like this!
[YUZUKI]
Perfect!
[MIA]
Brilliant, Akagami!
[KIKI]
What's the big idea?
It doesn't make sense.
Why rush her tokudo so much?
[HOAN]
Three months from now,
a sect meeting is going
to be held at this temple.
The higher-ups
have already decided.
[gasps]
This engagement
between myself and Yuzuki?
Please don't squander it.
[sighs]
Oh, boy.
We'll have to resort
to drastic measures.
♪
[groaning]
[ALL] Not one of us
slept a wink all night.
Today, I'm thinking
of switching things up
and putting you through
a different kind of training.
[groaning]
[chuckles]
[KIKI] Something of a reward
for all of the hard work
you've put in thus far.
[ALL]
Wait, a reward?!
[steam blows]
[AKAGAMI groans]
[AKAGAMI]
Why are we at a sauna?
A mixed-gender one, at that?
[KIKI]
Are you not enjoying it?
I am, and that's
a whole other problem.
[grunts]
[thuds]
I guess you could say
we're kicking things up a notch.
By confronting
your worldly desires,
you'll develop a resistance
to the opposite sex.
So face the challenge,
well, head-on.
Okay, have fun!
No way!
Let's just do our best.
If we falter this easily,
we're sure to fail our tokudo
in three months.
[gasps]
Oh, Yuzuki. You're so--
I... I'm perfectly okay
with all this!
Same goes for me!
-[groaning]
-[heart pounding]
Hmm.
[groaning]
[BOTH chuckling]
[AKAGAMI] My mind
is drowning in worldly thoughts!
Will this training truly
help me overcome them?
[sighs]
[BOTH yelp]
[whimpers]
-Close quarters, isn't it?
-Uh...
Uh-huh. I'm sorry.
[MIA]
Um, Akagami?
[whimpering]
[yelps]
I'm really sorry, Mia!
You don't have to apologize,
Akagami. I'm fine.
Although,
it's so bright in here,
you think we could
turn out the lights?
You're not fine at all, are you?
[YUZUKI]
Hmm.
[gasps]
-We can't do this, Mia.
-[MIA] I agree.
It's not fair for us to get
in the way of Yuzuki's progress.
Hey!
I've got a good idea.
Let's talk about
how our training's been going.
-Oh, yeah, okay.
-Mmm-hmm. Mmm-hmm.
Yesterday, we copied sutras
and practiced zazen.
This may be kind of
a weird question,
but does our sleeping
together count as training?
[MIA]
Oh! On that subject,
there's something
I noticed in bed last night.
What was it?
You see, I have
a major Adam's apple fetish!
[MIA]
The way yours bulges out?
It's simply divine!
[AKAGAMI]
We're talking about training!
[YUZUKI whimpers]
Ugh!
No, I'm doing it again!
So, moving on.
How did you sleep, Akagami?
Well, since you asked,
the truth is...
I was stiff
as a freaking board all night!
Whoa, talk about a manly answer!
[gasps] Crap! I can't believe
I just said that!
Look at Yuzuki!
She's turned bright red!
[moaning]
[AKAGAMI] Why won't
these worldly thoughts go away?
Soon, Yuzuki will grow
disgusted with me
and I can kiss my shot at tokudo
goodbye forever!
[YUZUKI]
I see.
[gasps]
I see it now.
What Kiki's goal is here.
Of course. What she wants us
to experience...
is makyo!
[AKAGAMI, MIA]
Makyo?
[BOTH gasp]
I think the heat's gone
to Yuzuki's head.
Or else, I drove her crazy
by being too annoying!
I'm not crazy!
If you'll listen for a second,
I'll explain!
[MALE PRIEST 07A] Holy am I,
alone in heaven and earth.
Now, what was I saying?
Anyway--
[YUZUKI]
"Makyo" is a Buddhist term.
It describes
the state of excitement
that occurs when your latent
worldly thoughts and desires
come rushing to the surface
during a period
of intense training.
[groaning]
[YUZUKI]
If you can overcome it,
you'll cease to be controlled
by your worldly thoughts!
Really?
So that's the kind of experience
Kiki wanted us to have
when she sent us all in here!
Yeah, probably.
[MIA] In that case,
I'd say you're up, Yuzuki.
Huh?
Well? What are you waiting for?
Go ahead and tell us
your deepest, dirtiest,
erotic thoughts!
[YUZUKI] Where do you think
we are, a slumber party?
-Come on! Please!
-[grunts]
Um... Uh...
My goodness.
Let me see, here.
[MIA]
Come on! Come on!
[YUZUKI]
I can't do it.
I can't tell them
I've been obsessing
over Akagami's nude body,
or at least part of it.
I can't tell them
about the things I saw
at the love hotel,
or how they keep
replaying in my head.
And I certainly can't tell them
my thoughts
about what might've happened
there.
No way.
You know what?
I kinda don't think I...
have any.
[BOTH]
You don't?
You've surpassed makyo
and reached a state
of perfect selflessness?
I knew you could do it!
Yeah. Thanks.
You've successfully
completed your training!
Kiki's gonna
wanna know about this!
[chuckles]
[YUZUKI]
No.
This has nothing
to do with our training.
It's a personal problem
I have to work through
on my own.
Besides, how can I tell them
that their closeness
makes me feel...
[grunts]
uneasy?
Very well, then.
The approach
may have been a bit unorthodox,
but it seems to have worked out.
[ALL]
Yes!
I think I have a better handle
on my worldly thoughts now.
Really?
That's encouraging to hear.
Even if you should reach
enlightenment,
your worldly
thoughts will never go away.
And that, my children,
is why it's important
to face them directly.
Yes, understood.
[KIKI] Of course, there are
those who will claim to be free
of any worldly thoughts
whatsoever.
Huh?
And those people are secretly
the biggest perverts of all.
[grunting]
[YUZUKI]
It's not true!
I'm not a pervert!
[grunts]
Hmm.
You're all coming along nicely.
That's so kind of you to say.
[chuckles]
Hmm.
Why don't we take
the afternoon off?
[ALL gasp]
-But why, Kiki?
-Yeah, why would we?
We were just starting
to find our groove.
[KIKI]
And that's wonderful.
But push yourself too hard,
and you'll suffer
in the long run.
Still, though.
[KIKI]
"Set aside fame and fortune."
I trust you understand, Yuzuki?
[MIA, AKAGAMI]
Uh... Huh?
She said,
"Set aside fame and fortune."
It basically means to stop
worrying about gains and losses
and that which surrounds you,
and focus
on your personal needs.
For our purposes,
we can categorize it
as the third key
to enlightenment.
Or, to put it in another way,
resting is an important part
of our training.
I'll hang out with Kagura,
since I haven't seen
much of her lately.
[AKAGAMI]
Oh, man.
I can't believe
Kiki gave us today off.
Hold on,
am I missing something, here?
[AKAGAMI]
Today is December 24th.
[footsteps approaching]
Otherwise known
as Christmas Eve.
Oh, Akagami,
does Christmas bother you, or--
[glasses shatter]
[AKAGAMI] Every Christmas
during my childhood,
my father would try
to divide his time equally
among all his lovers.
And every single year,
it culminated in a bloodbath.
[YUZUKI]
Oh, that sounds awful.
Christmas is pain.
Christmas is terror.
[whimpers]
[YUZUKI]
Well, uh...
If that's how you feel, then...
[whimpers]
Why don't we go out
for a little bit?
Just you and I!
♪
[YUZUKI]
By the way,
we're all having
a Christmas party tomorrow.
[AKAGAMI]
Huh? At the temple?
Yeah, where did you think?
We'll be exchanging presents
as well,
so let's pick ours out together!
Right! Got it!
It sounds good to me! A-OK!
What is wrong with you, Akagami?
[AKAGAMI] Going out together
on Christmas Eve?
That's way too meaningful!
And with Yuzuki, of all people.
Hmm?
[grunts]
[AKDAGAMI]
Christmas music.
Colorful lights everywhere.
The entire town caught up
in the spirit of peace
and goodwill.
What a bunch of crap!
Nice try, Christmas Eve!
But it'll take more than that
if you want to bend me
to your will!
Come on! Let's get going!
Okay!
-[giggles]
-Over here!
-Do you like it?
-[giggles]
-It's so cute!
[laughing]
[both laughing]
[AKAGAMI, YUZUKI]
Ho, ho, ho!
[AKAGAMI]
No, no, no!
Stop having fun!
[panting]
So this is the power
of Christmas Eve.
I can see I'll need
a great deal more training.
-Have you found anything?
-Huh?
Oh. Not yet.
Actually, I'm not quite sure
what I'm looking for.
[laughs]
It's not something
you really need to think
all that hard about. [laughs]
Wait, it isn't?
A present can be
whatever you want it to be.
All that really matters
is the feeling behind it.
[gasps]
Huh.
Oh! You know what?
I just thought
of the perfect shop
for us to go check out!
Oh.
♪
[AKAGAMI]
"Buddhist goods", eh?
Yep.
It's run by my friend's family.
They sell a lot of stuff here
that we use every day
at the temple,
so I figured this would be
a pretty good place to look.
Huh. Good idea.
Ooh, prayer beads.
[YUZUKI]
Buying some as a gift?
No, just realizing,
I don't have any.
[chuckles]
Ah! Yeah, I actually only have
informal beads myself.
Informal?
[YUZUKI] There are both formal
and informal prayer beads.
The formal kind are used
for important occasions,
like the tokudo ceremony,
for instance.
[AKAGAMI]
Gotcha.
Ah.
However, those tend to be
on the expensive side.
[chuckles]
So, I'll likely have to borrow
Kiki's or my parents'
-for my tokudo ceremony.
-[AKAGAMI] I see.
But soon
I'll become a proper priest,
and when that time comes,
I'll buy my own beads.
[MARI
Why wait till the time comes?
Buy them right now.
-[YUZUKI] Mari!
-How goes it, Yuzukin?
It's good to see you!
This is Akagami.
Hello there.
-And this is my friend, Mari.
-A pleasure.
If it's prayer beads
you're after,
we've got some nice ones.
Aren't these "his-and-hers"
prayer beads lovely?
[AKAGAMI] Huh?
They have something like that?
Of course.
In fact, during Buddhist
wedding ceremonies,
the couple exchanges
prayer beads rather than rings.
They do?
I suppose that isn't
a widely known fact, huh?
[MARI]
Just so you know,
we've got all kinds
of prayer beads for couples.
Some are even
said to aid in fertility.
Is there a particular reason
you're telling us this?
Well, you are a couple,
aren't you?
-We...
-Actually, no.
It's not like that
between us at all, okay?
Seriously?
And yet, here you are together
on Christmas Eve.
Sure seems
a lot like a date to me.
[AKAGAMI grunting]
[YUZUKI]
Huh?
[whimpers]
[AKAGAMI]
Huh?!
This whole time,
it never occurred to her?
Um, look.
This, uh...
This isn't a romantic thing.
For real? Hmm?
Not at all?
[AKAGAMI]
No.
Okay. But you'd better
tell Yuzukin's face,
because it just turned beet red.
[gasps]
Don't look at me, Akagami!
[MARI] And check out
how dolled-up she got for this.
[YUZUKI]
No!
[MARI] Normally, she keeps
her look pretty casual...
[YUZUKI grunts]
[KIKI] whereas today, it looks
like she's even got makeup on.
[whimpering]
I know something's
making her happy lately,
-'cause she's gained--
-[YUZUKI] Mari!
Could you ring me up, please?
[MARI]
I'd love to.
[YUZUKI] Just for the record,
it's really not like that!
-[MARI] If you say so.
-[YUZUKI] Mari!
Oh...
[YUZUKI] Any luck
with the gift shopping, Akagami?
Yes. All thanks to you.
Hmm.
Good! Glad to hear it.
[gasps]
[AKAGAMI]
Wait a minute.
Was all this Yuzuki's way
of cheering me up?
[chuckles]
You know, I'm getting
pretty excited for tomorrow.
[YUZUKI giggles]
Yeah, same here, Akagami.
[biting]
I can't believe
it's Christmas time already.
The year flew
by before we knew it.
Guess we were distracted
by how hectic things have been
around here lately.
There's definitely been
a lot of change,
my progression to adulthood
being the most obvious example.
Eh, I'd say the one who's
changed the most is Mia, though.
Aw, are you trying to tell me
my training's paying off?
[BOTH]
You got sexier.
What did you just say?!
[TSUKUYO] You used to seem
like such an uptight person.
[MIA]
I'll punish him with castration.
[KURAGE] But now,
you're completely different.
[TSUKUYO]
Your clothes have changed a lot.
[KURAGE]
There's a much greater emphasis
on your curves.
[MIA] Listen,
it's not what you might think!
[laughs]
Sorry, sorry.
It's a good look on you,
and I'm sure there's nothing
indecent about it.
I'm simply trying to entice
Akagami to look at my chest!
So it is indecent!
-[whimpers] No, it's not.
-[KAGURA giggles]
You've gotten a lot
pervier yourself, you know.
What? No, I haven't!
And we know,
Yuzuki's a closet perv.
[sneezes]
Hmm?
My, my! How interesting.
It appears that
Akagami's affected
each and every one of us.
After all, remember
how the four of us
used to sit around
trying to come up
with ways to drive him
out of the temple?
I'd almost forgotten.
I guess that Akagami's arrival
was the biggest change of all,
huh?
You have a point there.
Now none of us want
to get rid of him, do we?
[chuckles]
[KAGURA]
Such a fascinating individual,
that Akagami.
I suppose
there's no getting around it.
I'll have to take action.
Tell me.
What can be found dangling
around the middle of the body?
Using them by yourself
can be a sign of growth.
Hey, Mia!
They tend to vary
somewhat in thickness.
The round parts are key!
[screams]